[test optimization] Add test session name `DD_TEST_SESSION_NAME` instructions (#27436)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/setup/dotnet.md

Always call `module.Close()` or `module.CloseAsync()` at the end so that all the test data is flushed to Datadog.

> ## Best Practices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Best practices
```

### Test session name `DD_TEST_SESSION_NAME`

> Use `DD_TEST_SESSION_NAME` to define the test session name for your tests (`test_session.name` tag). Use this to identify a group of tests. Examples of values for this tag would be:

Reviewer: I find this a little confusing. Does `DD_TEST_SESSION_NAME` both define the test session name and also identify a group of tests?

Author: it's the same. The problem is that the concept "test session" is mostly datadog's, so it needs some clarifying. Can you think of a better way to express this?

> Use `DD_TEST_SESSION_NAME` to define the test session name for your tests (`test_session.name` tag). Use this to identify a group of tests. Examples of values for this tag would be:

Reviewer: What do you think about this?

```suggestion
Use `DD_TEST_SESSION_NAME` to define the name of the test session and the related group of tests (for example,`test_session.name`). Examples of values for this tag would be:
```

- `unit-tests`
- `integration-tests`
- `smoke-tests`
- `flaky-tests`
- `ui-tests`
- `backend-tests`

> If `DD_TEST_SESSION_NAME` is not specified, the default value used is a combination of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `DD_TEST_SESSION_NAME` is not specified, the default value used is a combination of the:
```

- CI job name
- Command used to run the tests (such as `yarn test`)

> The test session name should be unique within a repository to help you distinguish different groups of tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test session name needs to be unique within a repository to help you distinguish different groups of tests.
```

#### When to use `DD_TEST_SESSION_NAME`

If your tests are run with commands that include a dynamic string, such as:

- `DD_TEST_SESSION_NAME=integration-tests dotnet test --temp-dir=/var/folders/t1/rs2htfh55mz9px2j4prmpg_c0000gq/T`

> The default value for the test session name will be unstable. It is recommended to use `DD_TEST_SESSION_NAME` in this case.

Reviewer: Does "unstable" mean it will constantly change?

Author: yes, correct

> The default value for the test session name will be unstable. It is recommended to use `DD_TEST_SESSION_NAME` in this case.

Reviewer: If you agree with this suggestion, could you also update the other instances of it?

```suggestion
Then the default value for the test session name constantly changes. Datadog recommends using `DD_TEST_SESSION_NAME` in this case.
```
